paper 16, April 20, 2024
Author: Andre V. Silva
Title:"10 Money Secrets To Make Your First $1,000,000"

Introduction to Money Secrets
Ladies and gentlemen, you are gonna want to listen 
very closely to today's article because I'm gonna show you 
the 10 money secrets to make your first million these are the 
money secrets I use to make my first million 
dollars and my first ten million dollars and then tens of millions. 
since then This is not gonna be your hey save money on Starbucks 
or your hey invest in a 401k and eventually You'll make a million.
this is for the people that are serious about making their first 
million and not only that, But turning one million into many 
millions more not only for yourself but for your future family. 
So on that note grab a pen and paper and let's get into it.

1. Money is a Never-Ending Game
So the first secret is that money is a never ending game and you 
should treat it as such I understand your position. You're looking 
at a million dollars in your thinking. If I had a million dollars 
my life would totally change and yes, of course your life will get better 
But just understand when you reach your first million, what do you think 
you're gonna stop the game? you're gonna be happy? You're gonna keep playing 
the game. You're gonna keep going and the only way to stay sane is understand 
that money is a never ending game! the only people that get depressed or think
that money will ruin your life are the people that think that money is a 
destination some sort of number is the end of your life.
It's you've accomplished it and you're done as long as you wake up and you play 
this game understanding that you will be just as unhappy when you have ten thousand 
dollars in your bank account as you will when you have ten million dollars. 
That means not happy with your financial situation that doesn't mean you won't be proud.
You can be very proud with your financial situation, But doesn't mean that you'll ever 
be content or you'll be happy because this is a never ending game So treat it as such!

2. Learn When to Say No
The next money secret is learn when to say I don't have the appetite for that right now,
one of the reasons I did so well in my career is I understand that my main businesses now 
which are software companies I understood that these were very difficult businesses. 
They were very hard businesses and they required a lot of money to start which is why 
five years ago, when I had the opportunity to get involved in them, I simply said I don't 
have the appetite for that right now and there's even industries and businesses and ventures,
that can make me hundreds of millions of dollars and I say I'm sorry. I don't have the appetite 
for that right now and the appetite for it may mean either the hunger or sacrificing a certain life.
so you need to understand when to pick the right vehicle and when to pick the right opportunity for 
your career stage. It's kind of like you're doing bench press, you start off with one plate until you 
can work your way up to two plates three plates, etc. One of the worst things that you can do is commit 
to a business idea to venture to an endeavor and say that you're gonna give it your all or say that 
you're gonna push when you know that either you don't have the ability or you simply just don't have 
the Commitment and the hunger by the way that is totally fine. It's fine to understand that there are 
certain opportunities that you simply don't have the appetite for right now and that doesn't mean 
that you'll never have the appetite for it 

3. Seeing is Believing
The next money secret is that it's never possible until you see it and Either you see it online 
or even more powerful you see it in person, this is why I've said for years and years publicly on 
my business rather than going to star Vuxen spending six dollars or whatever it is on a coffee go 
to a fancy hotel lobby, go to a nice restaurant and spend ten dollars on a coffee, because listen 
even at the fanciest place on earth, what you spend maybe what fifteen dollars on a coffee, Okay, great. 
Maybe you have spent nine dollars more than you normally would on a coffee, but you can sit there for 
45 minutes sipping on your coffee looking around and when you realize, there are certain people with 
250,000 dollars, on their wrist when you look at truly wealthy people and you realize, hey Most of times
they don't really wear brands most of times, they are very under the radar when you look at wealthy people 
and you see the way that they move and the way that, they act you first of all start to observe it, but 
you also start to realize if your reality is. I can't imagine making more than $50,000 a year and someone 
is literally sitting down with a hundred fifty thousand dollars on their wrist or whatever the number may 
be it totally changes in its shifts your reality. This is also why if you can just walk around affluent, 
areas whatever the nice area of your city is go there walk around see all the money, see all of the wealth 
and it will start to sink into your subconscious that it is possible to win! 

4. Fast Money vs. Slow Wealth
Now the next money secret is aim to make money fast, but build wealth slowly, so listen there's no such 
thing as get rich quick, but there is such a thing as get rich quicker and there's certain vehicles in 
life where you can get compensated far more for your time, that you put in for the talent and the skill 
that you develop in that vertical, then you would if you spent a thousand hours working in a different 
industry, so listen never rush the process, but of course try to make money as fast as possible, try to 
become rich as quick as you can, but rich and wealthy are two very different things! so aim to build your 
wealth slowly, because true wealth is only built through years and years and Decades of wisdom of learning 
the right money lessons, again and again and again, so aim to become rich quick but aim to become wealthy 
slowly because that's the only way that you will keep it! 

5. Ignore Financially Illiterate Advice
Number five is ignore money advice from the Financially illiterate, I truly believe that in this world It 
is a matter of the financially literate and the financially illiterate and it doesn't matter, what background 
and what color race religion whatever it is it doesn't matter where you come from it's simply a matter of 
financially illiterate and financially illiterate! but the only difference between us is I made sure that 
I was gonna learn from a young age the language of money, what money is where it comes from how it works? 
So there are people in your life that have the best intentions for you, the love you they care for you,
But you have to ignore their advice, so that way you can take care of not only you, but in future take 
care of them.

6. Money is Energy
Number six money is energy and energy can never stay stagnant, I see this law where people make money and 
they are so afraid to spend that money, they're so afraid to circulate that money back into the economy, 
they're so afraid to release that energy and they're living in such scarcity mindset that they just end 
up losing it all. Somehow or they may not lose it but more money never flows them, money is energy It's 
inflow and it's outflow and that doesn't mean that everything that comes in must go out No, in fact especially 
in your 20s you should be saving and investing majority of the money that you make, but never hoard that 
money because if you do, the money becomes stagnant and you have cut off the flow of energy. 

7. Build Your Peace of Mind Pot
Number seven is you need to build your peace of mind pot, this is a fun that gives you true peace of mind 
this needs to be a safety net, where you know that no matter what happens no matter how ambitious how big a risk,
you may even take that you always have something to fall back on, I do not believe the money buys happiness, 
But I believe the money can if you do it right buy you peace of mind and bear mine That doesn't mean making a lot of money because the person who makes $200,000 a year and only spends $40,000 and has a very big peace of mind pot that person has far more peace in their life than the person who makes $20 million a year and manages to spend $19 million, 
because they're running on such thin margins, they're playing such a dangerous game so from day one if you can build 
your peace of mind pot, then that's great and bear mine in my opinion, the older that you get and the larger 
that peace of mind pot gets the more income that comes in the higher the percentage that you can spend, 
so I'm not saying for the rest of your life you need to put away You know 80% of everything that you make,
I'm just saying at the beginning really build that peace of mind pot, so that way you're not going into your 
career stressed, but instead can focus because you understand that you're good and then later down the line, 
once that pots big enough, then go spend and never let anyone tell you that something is too expensive if you 
have your finances in order if you're always putting good money away If you want to spend $100,000 on some stupid 
thing that no one else gets, but it makes sense for you financially go spend it, I really don't agree and don't like all these people that make just make all this money and hoard it and keep it And don't do anything with it at certain point. 
You need to enjoy your life! And if you don't want to enjoy your life go spend it on your loved ones on the 
ones that you care about let them enjoy the spoils of your work, but as I said always keep your peace of mind pot.


8. Money is an Identity
The next one is money is an identity and it truly is! I'm telling you right now you could work extremely hard, But if you 
have the identity of a poor person, it will always chain you in life, you do not get what you deserve you get what you think you deserve, because what you think you deserve dictates your actions and your actions dictate what you actually get in life. You know, it's very unfortunate, you see a lot of people in abusive relationships and the reason they stay in those relationships is, because they have some part of their Identity that thinks they deserve it, because the crazy thing is after they get out of one abusive relationship, They find their way into another so it is ingrained as a part of their identity, So you can have something that is as heartbreaking and unfortunate as that. But also from the extreme side of things all the way to the person that just has an identity, they are not someone who is worthy or deserving of money. This is why I was tell people go buy that $12 coffee at the hotel go into these affluent areas and just understand that these are normal people they move differently. They talk differently. They carry themselves differently, but at the end of the day, these are just normal people now. 


9. Reputation is Priceless
The next one is the reputation can never be reborn, so act accordingly in life you need to understand that you will always have the opportunity to make more money, but your reputation is almost impossible to claw back, so the next time you think about f***ing over some business partner or cutting someone out of a deal when you made a promise or In general just making money from dirty means understand that your reputation will live with you for the rest of time, your reputation carries on because just like Chinese whispers People will talk and talk and it will continue to permeate, So when you understand their your reputation is probably one of the most fragile things on earth never ever put it at risk, because it's very hard to rebuild!
 
10. Ask the Hard Questions
Now number 10 is that one man's opportunity is another man's downfall, there is a certain business opportunity that 
will probably make you a billionaire, but will probably wreck my career and vice versa, So just understand that not 
all opportunities are created equal you need to assess an opportunity based on where you are in your career what 
you're like as a person, you know your strengths your weaknesses as well as your risk tolerance, how averse you are to 
risk and not only risk, but stress I'm the sort of person that can deal with immense amounts of stress and I just have this ability to take on stress and responsibility because from a young age I had to take care of me and my mom Whereas for another person they may crumble that doesn't mean that they're a bad entrepreneur or a bad business person or whatever It is it just means that they're different so my opportunity could be their downfall So really just understand that concept when assessing what 
the next step is for you.

To finish this article, I show to you what I learn over the years about language of money and
life! I hope this lessons can help you in your journey and purpose, and remember the money is 
way actually to get and to go through in your path to success in life!    